not fake the 10 is about to heave it
half court actually that full court
let's look at the distance here you
better be clearly a nearly impossible
shot for a 10 here and its head is about
to heave it okay this is Vincent about
to attempt one of the hardest shots we
have filmed yet he's going to throw the
ball make it bounce against that wall
it's gonna go all the way up and land in
that rim ready visit here we go god yes
oh my god yet we are currently walking
all the way to the baseball field where
a 10 will attempt one of the farthest
shots ever made he will heave the ball
from home plate over on that baseball
field to the baseball courts let me just
show you the distance here this is about
100 yards away and we are looking the
baseball baseball basketball courts are
over there we are looking at about I'd
say 400 yards the ball will bounce twice
twice two times dose on the basketball
courts and successfully land in the rim
the small rims over there with a perfect
swish this is without a doubt one of the
greatest shots we have ever witnessed
it's gentlemen let's go see it
the ten we're ready when you are yes
after roof into one of those ribs over
there into the slide onto a chance foot
and the wrens over there ready in 10
yeah let's go off that bag board into
that room all right yeah okay this next
shot Vincent throws it bounces off that
bench over the fence onto the tennis net
back over the fence onto the bench and
into that net ready Vince it go
dude you made it but the water fountain
we said we said the bench dude we said
the bench not a good said the bench dude
seriously what the hell not a good day
okay dude concentrate all right
seriously it is the end we need to
culminate now this is that man this is
that come on punch it yes I'm talking
about yeah run up to the yeah and a jump
yeah yeah you lay that up let's go
dude are you serious that's like
our friggin 35th take when are you gonna
make this damn layup yeah are you
serious do you have to be kidding me
dude no there's no way dude you've had
35 freakin tribes you can't make this ah
I don't want to see you anyway try just
keep walking
yeah that's what that's all oh oh my god
yes go not fake